2019.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Disabled subsystem vendor ID change for non PF0 case
 * Bug Fix: Removed 0 VFs option per PF when SRIOV is enabled. Each enabled PF should have minimum 4VFs when SRIOV is enabled.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GUI option to disable the GT channel LOC constraints in GTWizard IP XDC
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GUI option to change message routing parameter-AXISTEN_IF_ENABLE_MSG_ROUTE
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Mark Debug utility in "Add. Debug Options" page
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Resizable BAR functionality
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Feature Enhancement: Enabled Virtual Channel(VC) Capability by default
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added tandem support for the xcvu37p device.
 * Other: Added Core Interface Parameters GUI page.
 * Other: Added ATS/PRI support for Endpoint mode in the GUI.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Auto Rx Equalization support in the GT Settings GUI page.
 * Feature Enhancement: added cfg_interrupt_msi_function_number in pcie4_cfg_external_msix interface.
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed naming of the set_clock_groups in the IP level XDC.
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed naming of the create_clock constraints in the IP level XDC.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added clock_delay_group constraints in 512-I/F to fix timing.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release

(c) Copyright 2017 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
